Adding Veeva Vault Objects example (#56)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

This is an example of how we can sync Smartsheets sheets via Connector SDK.
You would need to provide your Smartsheets api_key for this example to work.

### veeva vault objects
This is an example of how we can sync Veeva Vault Object data using VQL via Connector SDK.

> You would need to provide your Veeva Vault vaultDNS, username, and password for this example to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You would need to provide your Veeva Vault credentials for this example to work.
```
